[CLC-181] Updated Documentation (#241)
hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/environment-variables.adoc

= Environment Variables
:description: The Hazelcast CLC recognizes the following environment variables.

{description}

[cols="1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Environment Variable|Description|Default

|CLC_CLIENT_LABELS

> |Sets the client labels. The labels must be separated by commas. This value is used in Management Center.

Reviewer: It looks like the wrong description has been updated here. The text shown is the description of the client name.

|`CLC,USER@HOST-TIMESTAMP`

|CLC_CLIENT_NAME

> |Sets the client name. This value is used in Viridian dashboard and Management Center.

Reviewer: See comment above.

|`USER@HOST-TIMESTAMP`

|CLC_HOME

> |Overrides the CLC home directory.

Author: Updated at: https://github.com/hazelcast/hazelcast-commandline-client/pull/241/commits/94fca0906227805df773d012ae8785286a360d6a

|`%HOMEDRIVE%:%HOMEPATH%\AppData\Roaming\Hazelcast` on Windows, `$HOME/.hazelcast` on other platforms.

|CLC_MAX_COLS
|Sets the maximum width for a column of a table output. This is useful when the width cannot be determined.
| Terminal width.

|CLC_SKIP_SERVER_VERSION_CHECK
|Some CLC features require a Hazelcast cluster of a certain version. If set to `1`, CLC disables server version check.
|`0` (false)

|CLC_VIRIDIAN_API_KEY
|Sets the Viridian API key.
|

|CLC_VIRIDIAN_API_SECRET
|Sets the Viridian API secret.
|

|===

The following environment variables are experimental and may be removed in a future version.

[cols="1a,2a,1a"]
|===
|Environment Variable|Description|Default

|CLC_EXPERIMENTAL_FORMATTER

> |Sets formatter for SQL syntax highlighting. One of: `terminal`, `terminal8`, `terminal16`, `terminal256`, `terminal16m`. Only with the `gohxs` readline implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sets a formatter for the highlighting of SQL syntax, either: `terminal`, `terminal8`, `terminal16`, `terminal256`, or `terminal16m`. Only with the `gohxs` readline implementation.
```

|`terminal`

|CLC_EXPERIMENTAL_READLINE

> |Sets the readline implementation. Currently one of `gohxs` or `ny`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sets the readline implementation, either `gohxs` or `ny`.
```

|`ny` for Windows, `gohxs` for other platforms.

|CLC_EXPERIMENTAL_STYLER

> |Sets color theme for SQL syntax highlighting. See link:https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma/tree/master/styles[Chroma styles] for the options.  Only with the `gohxs` readline implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Sets a color theme for the highlighting of SQL syntax. See link:https://github.com/alecthomas/chroma/tree/master/styles[Chroma styles] for the options.  Only with the `gohxs` readline implementation.
```
